Mithril update 2024-02-28 (#349)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2024-02-28-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2024-02-28-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team released a new distribution, [`2408.0`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/releases/tag/2408.0), which includes support for stake distribution and Mithril era markers retrieval in the Pallas chain observer, enhanced support for Conway era and Sanchonet network, along with bug fixes and performance improvements. Additionally, a breaking change has been introduced in the Mithril client CLI: the logs output are switched from `stdout` to `stderr` from version `0.7.0`, which has been announced in a [developer blog post](https://mithril.network/doc/dev-blog/2024/02/26/mithril-client-cli-output-breaking-change).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week the Mithril team announced the release of a new [`Mithril distribution 2408.0`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/releases/tag/2408.0). This release includes several critical updates and enhancements, such as improved support for stake distribution, Mithril era markers retrieval in the Pallas chain observer, enhanced support for the Conway era and Sanchonet network, as well as various bug fixes and performance improvements. 
In addition, the team has made changes to the Mithril client CLI, changing the log output from `stdout` to `stderr` from `v0.7.0`. This announcement was made in the [developer blog post](https://mithril.network/doc/dev-blog/2024/02/26/mithril-client-cli-output-breaking-change).
```

> The team kept implementing the data type for certifying Cardano transactions within Mithril networks: they completed the support for the verification in the browser with the WASM client, they worked on enhancing the associated client CLI API, and they implemented smoke tests. Additionally, they have activated the signature of Cardano transactions on the `testing-sanchonet` network, and they have investigated a bug that prevents the signature of some transactions on this network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The team kept implementing the data type for certifying Cardano transactions within Mithril networks: they completed the support for the verification in the browser with the WASM client, they worked on enhancing the associated client CLI API, and implemented smoke tests. Additionally, the team has activated the signature of Cardano transactions on the `testing-sanchonet` network, and they have investigated a bug that prevents the signature of some transactions on this network.
```
